README.md, before:

# igem-2022-dku

This is temporarily where we dump our stuff.\
This project is for the iGEM 2022 competition as the DKU participants

For non-text files (`.docx` `.pdf` `.pptx` movies etc.),
please store in [this official OneDrive folder](https://prodduke-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/sh623_duke_edu/EgjNqY1GXsZIusRPRf8mfc0BKV2JE-mSrYtPHVxpGQ6BXw?e=8U7ClA)

## for new members

- Please open [how-to-set-up.md](https://gitlab.oit.duke.edu/sh623/igem-2022-dku/-/blob/main/how-to-set-up.md)
    and follow the guide to set up.
- Please go to your icon at the top-right of GitLab page - `Edit Profile`,
    under `Main Settings`,
    change your `Full name` to your name, scroll down and `Update profile settings`,
    *so we know who you are on GitLab*.
    Go to the `Notifications` in the left panel,
    and change your `Global notification level` to `Watch`,
    *so you receive email notifications when something happens here*.

## view wiki locally

This wiki uses [mdBook](https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/index.html)
to build from Markdown.

Please read their documentation to learn how to use it.

To view the wiki locally,
please follow the instructions on their documentation to install mdBook.
Besides mdBook, you also need to install
[mdbook-katex](https://github.com/lzanini/mdbook-katex#getting-started)
for katex compilation.
After the installation,
open this repository in VSCode and open a new terminal.
Paste in:

```shell
mdbook serve --open
```

You should see the Home page.

If you edit and save any content files in `/src`,
it would live reload with the newest content.

### video if you have trouble reading
[Using mdBook: convert Markdown into Book's Style Web pages](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTgmyc9OLI4)
by *Jerry's Software Channel*

## view wiki preview on GitLab Pages

The wiki can be previewed [here](https://sh623.pages.oit.duke.edu/igem-2022-dku)

## developing theme

Modify `theme/index.hbs` for changing the webpage template.
Modify `theme/src/tailwind.css` and `theme/variable.css` for CSS styling.

Reference [view wiki locally](#view-wiki-locally) for live preview.

### modifying color theme

To modify one of the colors on the page,
modify the CSS variables in `theme/variable.css`
under `.light {` above the following `}`.

### developing using tailwind CSS

If you are modifying `theme/src/tailwind.css`,
you need to have it compiled to have the modifications applied.

```
cd theme
./dev.sh
```

If `npx` prompts you to download `tailwindcss`,
choose yes.

Commit message:

add links to template archive & deployed wiki

README.md, after:

# igem-2022-dku

This is temporarily where we dump our stuff.\
This project is for the iGEM 2022 competition as the DKU participants

For non-text files (`.docx` `.pdf` `.pptx` movies etc.),
please store in [this official OneDrive folder](https://prodduke-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/sh623_duke_edu/EgjNqY1GXsZIusRPRf8mfc0BKV2JE-mSrYtPHVxpGQ6BXw?e=8U7ClA)

## for new members

- Please open [how-to-set-up.md](https://gitlab.oit.duke.edu/sh623/igem-2022-dku/-/blob/main/how-to-set-up.md)
    and follow the guide to set up.
- Please go to your icon at the top-right of GitLab page - `Edit Profile`,
    under `Main Settings`,
    change your `Full name` to your name, scroll down and `Update profile settings`,
    *so we know who you are on GitLab*.
    Go to the `Notifications` in the left panel,
    and change your `Global notification level` to `Watch`,
    *so you receive email notifications when something happens here*.

## view wiki locally

This wiki uses [mdBook](https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/index.html)
to build from Markdown.

Please read their documentation to learn how to use it.

To view the wiki locally,
please follow the instructions on their documentation to install mdBook.
Besides mdBook, you also need to install
[mdbook-katex](https://github.com/lzanini/mdbook-katex#getting-started)
for katex compilation.
After the installation,
open this repository in VSCode and open a new terminal.
Paste in:

```shell
mdbook serve --open
```

You should see the Home page.

If you edit and save any content files in `/src`,
it would live reload with the newest content.

### video if you have trouble reading
[Using mdBook: convert Markdown into Book's Style Web pages](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTgmyc9OLI4)
by *Jerry's Software Channel*

## view wiki preview on GitLab Pages

The wiki can be previewed [here](https://sh623.pages.oit.duke.edu/igem-2022-dku)

## view the template iGEM provided

The original `dku` repository template provided by iGEM is archived
[here](https://sh623.pages.oit.duke.edu/dku_template/)

## view the deployed wiki on iGEM

[This](https://2022.igem.wiki/dku/) will be the submitted wiki

## developing theme

Modify `theme/index.hbs` for changing the webpage template.
Modify `theme/src/tailwind.css` and `theme/variable.css` for CSS styling.

Reference [view wiki locally](#view-wiki-locally) for live preview.

### modifying color theme

To modify one of the colors on the page,
modify the CSS variables in `theme/variable.css`
under `.light {` above the following `}`.

### developing using tailwind CSS

If you are modifying `theme/src/tailwind.css`,
you need to have it compiled to have the modifications applied.

```
cd theme
./dev.sh
```

If `npx` prompts you to download `tailwindcss`,
choose yes.
