# Communication

## Overview

We had science communications during different stages of our project. We
designed these communications to have different manner, audience and scope,
aiming at informing, educating, raising awareness of the topic of
Gastrointestinal health, and increasing the sense of wonder about fighting
against antibiotic resistance.

## Socially-Oriented Questionnaire

Before the experiment, we designed and published a questionnaire about
antibiotic treatment and dysentery on social network platform, and obtained
more than 500 responses from people of different regions, age groups and
education levels in China. We found that many people, although aware of
dysentery, do not know how it is transmitted or the bacteria that causes it.
This makes us realize the importance of science popularization. Meanwhile,
people have different levels of concern about antibiotic resistance, which
means it is necessary for us to focus on antibiotic therapy replacement.
<!-- todo: add pic of questionnaire -->

## On-Campus Communication

As an undergraduate team, we participated in the 2022's College Student
Innovation and Entrepreneurship Training Programâ€”a national training program
for college students on innovation and entrepreneurship. In this way, we can
better promote the topic of synthetic biology to the DKU community and attract
more fresh blood to participate in innovation. We made posters and participated
in project exhibitions, and were regularly inspected by the jury on campus. In
addition, we have established a journal club, where different members of the
team introduce cutting-edge knowledge about synthetic biology every two weeks,
and we are happy to see many freshmen participating.
<!-- todo: add pic of poster, journal club, club expo -->

## CCiC: iGEM community in China

In order to carry out science communications on a larger scale, we participated
the 9th CCiC Conference (Conference of China iGEMer Community), which is a
national summit independently initiated by Chinese iGEM teams, aiming to
provide a platform for iGEM teams to share resources and promote mutual
learning and communication. We made poster and presented at the conference,
answering questions from the audience and judges. After the conference, we
collaborated with team LZU on science popularization about probiotics.
<!-- todo: add pic of meeting and video -->

## Local School Education

In the later stage of the experiment, in order to better promote the knowledge
of synthetic biology and gastrointestinal health in the local area, we
contacted a local international high school and successfully delivered popular
science lectures to more than 330 middle and high school students and
teachers.We distributed science manuals to everyone in the audience and
introduced the GI tract, dysentery, probiotic therapy, and antibiotic
resistance.
<!-- todo: add pic of manual and meeting -->

## Summary

Throughout the project, we never stopped science communication with different
groups. The social questionnaire allowed us to identify the need for the
program; the school publicity has attracted a batch of fresh blood to join the
research and innovation of synthetic biology; the communication and cooperation
with other Chinese IGEM teams enabled us to learn more knowledge, and also to
understand the current issues of synthetic biology in China that deserve
attention. The science popularization and education in local schools also gave
us the opportunity to communicate with middle and high school students,
understand their ideas and answer their doubts.
