# Education
![photo](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/education1.jpg)

Although iGEM competition has a solid audience base in **universities**,
students in high schools have little knowledge of iGEM competition or give up
because of their limitation of conducting wetlabs. There is an increasing trend
of taking probiotic products. However, there is lack of common sense of
probiotics.

![photo](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/education2.jpg)

To narrow the gap between public and science, we contacted with Dipont Huayao
Collegiate School Kunshan, a local high school. We introduced iGEM competition
and popularize the knowledge of GI tract and probiotics by giving a
presentation. **In the introduction of iGEM**, we introduced biology team,
modelling team, wiki team and human practice team, including their
responsibility and collaborations between different subgroups.

![photo](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/education3.jpg)

**In GI tract**, we introduced the process of digesting. Functions of each
human organ and different intestinal floras were explained in detail. Along
with knowledge, we provided two fun facts——“Mom passes gut microbiota to
baby” and “Having stomachache and diarrhea before exams”. Besides GI
tract, we also mentioned the harm that using antibiotics can do to
gastrointestinal tract.

![photo](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/education4.jpg)

**In probiotics**, we popularized basic knowledge of probiotics, pointed out
issues that taking probiotics improperly will lead to and give our advice.
After the speech, 330 high school students and teachers had a better
understanding of choosing probiotic products. Students and teachers interested
in participating in iGEM competition consulted with us about the future iGEM
cooperations.

![photo](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/education5.jpg)


(以下部分不要删！)
## Local School Education

In the later stage of the experiment, in order to better promote the knowledge
of synthetic biology and gastrointestinal health in the local area, we
contacted a local international high school and successfully delivered popular
science lectures to more than 330 middle and high school students and
teachers.We distributed science manuals to everyone in the audience and
introduced the GI tract, dysentery, probiotic therapy, and antibiotic
resistance.

<img src="https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/education3.jpg"
width="500"/>

**Figure 4** | Presentation at local high-school


the communication and cooperation
with other Chinese IGEM teams enabled us to learn more knowledge, and also to
understand the current issues of synthetic biology in China that deserve
attention. The science popularization and education in local schools also gave
us the opportunity to communicate with middle and high school students,
understand their ideas and answer their doubts.

### Wang-cai speach

### Journal club

