

<div class="flex justify-center items-center">
    <h1 class="absolute" style="z-index: 100;"><span style="color:white">Implementation</span></h1>
    <img src="https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/wet-lab-for-bg.png" />
</div>


## Infection Precaution

The end-products of our project are small tablets or capsules that contain dry
powders of probiotics that express anti-Shigella antibodies on their surface.
Our products serve the dual roles of Shigella infection precaution as well as
disease therapy. The abilities of room temperature storage provide our tablets
with cost reduction for storage and transportation. Tablets should be taken
when facing potential exposure to Shigella infection sources, such as drinking
unsanitary water in high diarrhea incidence areas. In consideration of the
prevalent transmission pathways of Shigella, we also suggest people whose
family members have developed Shigella infections and children in school with
diarrhea cases take our tablets to prevent person-to-person transmission, which
is the major form of Shigella spreading ^[Kotloff,2018].

## Infection Therapy

Due to intracellular pathogen nature of Shigella, the effect of antibodies
reduces as pathogens evade into the cells. The ability of reprogramming the
infected cells to form protrusion adjacent cells allows Shigella to spread
within intestine epithelial cells, reducing the chance of exposing to body
internal environment ^[Sansonetti,1994]. This special characteristic
implies antibody may not be a one-size-fits-all solution for different stages
of infection. We call for the combination of clinical phases of antibiotics
treatment with our tablets together.

## Prognosis and Secondary infection

Along with the high household transmission rates, Shigella also display high
secondary infection rates. Therefore, we suggest families with members
developing Shigella to take our pills for a time period to provide continuously
protection apart from keep good hygiene conditions. In the meanwhile, patients
who have developed Shigella infection before should also take our tablets when
facing a second exposure.

## End Users

People who exposed to potential Shigella infection source, especially in a
household environment.
Children in school with Shigella cases reported.
People with antibiotic allergy that cannot use clinical antibiotic treatment.
Government that aims to provide low cost solution for Shigella incidence in
low- and middle- income, less developed region.

## Caveats

Our product contains exogenous antibody proteins. Therefore, allergy test may
need to be performed to prevent possible anaphylaxis. Besides, considering the
pathogenesis and transmission pathway of Shigella, our products may not be a
one-size-fits all solution for all infection stages but focuses more on the
prevention of infection.

## References

^[Kotloff,2018]: Kotloff, K. L., Riddle, M. S., Platts-Mills, J. A., Pavlinac, P., & Zaidi, A. K. M. (2018). Shigellosis. The Lancet, 391(10122), 801-812. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/S0140-6736(17)33296-8 
^[Sansonetti,1994]:Sansonetti, P. J., Mounier, J., Prévost, M. C., & Mège, R.-M. (1994). Cadherin expression is required for the spread of Shigella flexneri between epithelial cells. Cell, 76(5), 829-839. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/0092-8674(94)90358-1 
