src/interview_with_Prof_Cao.md, before:

## Interview with Prof Cao

Responses from Huansheng Cao (Notes of Chang Shen):

Our plan is feasible,
and we may engineer more than two probiotics
to ensure the nanobody be successfully displayed.
We may use Alphafold to predict the structure and binding affinity of the nanobody,
then try modifying it to achieve a higher binding affinity.
We discussed about two other topics:
Bio-battery based on bacteria respiration mechanism
and relationship between age and gut microbiota,
but they do not fit the topic of synthetic biology

We interviewed Huansheng Cao, 
Assistant professor of Environmental Science at Duke Kunshan University
for suggestions on our initial lab plans. 
In the interview, Yuxin Wang and Chang Shen presented the main design,
bacterial surface display, to consult Prof Cao on the feasibility of our plan.
After confirming the rich research foundations of our plan, 
he encouraged us to add computational elements to our lab design. As a scientist working in computational biology and bioinformatics, he pointed us to Alphafold2 for the enhancing the binding affinity of our nanobody and the antigen unit.
As a well-trained biologist, he also suggested fitting our design to more than one model organisms,
which shows integration in our drug design.
We also discussed the trends in bioinformatics and biotechnology, including bacteria-based bioelectricity, and the relationship between human longevity and gut microbiota.
This inverview was rewarding

Commit message:

Deleted the initial notes by Chang

src/interview_with_Prof_Cao.md, after:

## Interview with Prof Cao
We interviewed Huansheng Cao, 
Assistant professor of Environmental Science at Duke Kunshan University
for suggestions on our initial lab plans. 
In the interview, team members Yuxin Wang and Chang Shen presented the main design,
bacterial surface display, to consult Prof Cao on its feasibility.
After confirming the rich research foundations of our plan, 
he encouraged us to add computational elements to our lab design. As a scientist working in computational biology and bioinformatics, he pointed us to Alphafold2 for the enhancing the binding affinity of our nanobody and the antigen unit.
As a well-trained biologist, he also suggested fitting our design to more than one model organisms,
which shows integration in our drug design.
The interview was full of enthusiasm, so we were able to come across many other topics. We discussed the trends in bioinformatics and biotechnology, including bacteria-based bioelectricity, and the relationship between human longevity and gut microbiota.
This interview was both encouraging and informative, and contributed greatly to the first stage of human practice.
