src/safety.md, before:

<div class="h1-bg">
    <h1 class>Safety</h1>
    <img src="https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/wetlab4-for-bg.png" />
</div>

## Introduction
The Duke Kunshan University (DKU) iGEM team sets safety as an integral part of
science. It includes protection for sensitive groups and the environment. For
this reason, safety was considered from two perspectives—inside and outside
the laboratory. For more detailed information, please check our safety form.
## Lab Safety
All laboratories of universities in China must be accredited by the Office
under the Ministry of Environment following the standard. This year, the
project was conducted in the BSL-1 laboratory. Team members wore lab coats and
gloves during experiments. Experiments related to bacteria were performed in
the biosafety cabinet and near butane burners.

Before laboratory started, the team received safety training including how to
use equipment properly, following laboratorial hygiene rules and proper
disposal of hazardous substances. Also, experiments were first presented in
detail by our two supervisors to eliminate biosafety concerns.
## Microorganisms review
Protein expression for diagnostic tests was performed in non-pathogenic
Escherichia coli strains (*E.coli* Nissle 1917), *Lactococcus lactis* NZ9000 and
yeast (EBY100). These gene carriers are probiotic or at least harmless. They do
not possess serious illnesses or lead to other problems to people or the
environment. In addition, they are in whitelist, belonging to BSL-1 organisms.
## Experiments
The engineered probiotics were designed to express 20ipad nanobody on their
surface by transforming recombinant plasmids with optimized genes. Thus, they
can combine with the antigen on the surface of *Shigella*. Since *Shigella* is one
of the BSL-2 organisms, we decide to express our targeted antigen in probiotics
that we used to express the antibody. We optimized the DNA sequences which code
the antigen by using machine-learning software. Using yeast as an example,
amino acids are essential for the growth of yeast. Amino acids are absorbed by
human bodies in the small intestine. There is a competitive absorption of amino
acids between intestinal epithelial cells and yeast. This prevents the
overgrowth of yeast cells, preventing the destruction of bacterial flora
structure. Using yeast as gene carriers limits the leak of antibiotics
resistance genes, compared with using bacteria as carriers. In addition,
galactose was used to induce the expression of the antibody and antigen.

Since we used antibiotics resistance genes, we also pay attention to the
potential risks of the leak of antibiotics resistance genes during wetlab
process. Discarded liquids and plates that contain antibiotics were placed in
specific vessels and then autoclaved.
## Harmful reagents and procedures
Part of the planned experiments had to be done by using harmful reagents or
procedures. All team members follow the rules under the guideline provided by
our lab manager and assistants during experiment safety training.

**UV light** was used to sterilize the biosafety cabinets and equipment inside
the cabinets. Safety measures were taken to avoid people`s direct exposure to
UV light. Gel imaging system was used for visualizing agarose gel, combined
with standard laboratory procedures with blue light transilluminator.

**Antibiotics** were used to select transformants. They can be harmful to
sensitive groups. Situations of allergies of team members were collected.
Antibiotics were well stored and
Handled with proper safety measures according to disposal protocols.

**Other hazardous chemicals**, such as Tris-HCl and methyl alcohol were stored
and relevant procedures were conducted in chemical ventilation cabinets. Liquid
waste was handled with appropriate safety measures.
## Covid-19 associated safety measures
Team members followed all the government and university guidelines based on the
pandemic situation of Covid-19 in China. For April and May, team meetings
were online because of school closure and in-person activities were allowed
after deblocking. Covid-19 tests were performed regularly and all team members
got vaccinated.

When wet labs began, team members' attendance was recorded. The usage of lab
equipment was registered. All working surfaces were cleaned with disinfectant
fluid before and after conducting wet labs.

Commit message:

sustainable ref;grammar;IpaD&20ipaD

src/safety.md, after:

<div class="h1-bg">
    <h1 class>Safety</h1>
    <img src="https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/wetlab4-for-bg.png" />
</div>

## Introduction
The Duke Kunshan University (DKU) iGEM team sets safety as an integral part of
science. It includes protection for sensitive groups and the environment. For
this reason, safety was considered from two perspectives—inside and outside
the laboratory. For more detailed information, please check our safety form.
## Lab Safety
All laboratories of universities in China must be accredited by the Office
of the Ministry of Environment following the standard. This year, the
project was conducted in the BSL-1 laboratory. Team members wore lab coats and
gloves during experiments. Experiments related to bacteria were performed in
the biosafety cabinet and near butane burners.

Before the laboratory started, the team received safety training including how to
use equipment properly, follow laboratory hygiene rules and proper
disposal of hazardous substances. Also, experiments were first presented in
detail by our two supervisors to eliminate biosafety concerns.
## Microorganisms review
Protein expression for diagnostic tests was performed in non-pathogenic
Escherichia coli strains (*E.coli* Nissle 1917), *Lactococcus lactis* NZ9000 and
yeast (EBY100). These gene carriers are probiotic or at least harmless. They do
not possess serious illnesses or lead to other problems for people or the
environment. In addition, they are on the whitelist and belong to BSL-1 organisms.
## Experiments
The engineered probiotics were designed to express 20ipaD nanobody on their
surface by transforming recombinant plasmids with optimized genes. Thus, they
can combine with the antigen on the surface of *Shigella*. Since *Shigella* is one
of the BSL-2 organisms, we decide to express our targeted antigen in probiotics
that we used to express the antibody. We optimized the DNA sequences which code
the antigen by using machine-learning software. Using yeast as an example,
amino acids are essential for the growth of yeast. Amino acids are absorbed by
human bodies in the small intestine. There is a competitive absorption of amino
acids between intestinal epithelial cells and yeast. This prevents the
overgrowth of yeast cells, preventing the destruction of bacterial flora
structure. Using yeast as gene carriers limits the leak of antibiotic-resistant
genes, compared with using bacteria as carriers. In addition,
galactose was used to induce the expression of the antibody and antigen.

Since we used antibiotics resistance genes, we also pay attention to the
potential risks of the leak of antibiotics resistance genes during wetlab
process. Discarded liquids and plates that contain antibiotics were placed in
specific vessels and then autoclaved.
## Harmful reagents and procedures
Part of the planned experiments had to be done by using harmful reagents or
procedures. All team members follow the rules under the guideline provided by
our lab manager and assistants during experiment safety training.

**UV light** was used to sterilize the biosafety cabinets and equipment inside
the cabinets. Safety measures were taken to avoid people`s direct exposure to
UV light. The gel imaging system was used for visualizing agarose gel, combined
with standard laboratory procedures with blue light transilluminator.

**Antibiotics** were used to select transformants. They can be harmful to
sensitive groups. Situations of allergies of team members were collected.
Antibiotics were well stored and
Handled with proper safety measures according to disposal protocols.

**Other hazardous chemicals**, such as Tris-HCl and methyl alcohol were stored
and relevant procedures were conducted in chemical ventilation cabinets. Liquid
waste was handled with appropriate safety measures.
## Covid-19 associated safety measures
Team members followed all the government and university guidelines based on the
pandemic situation of Covid-19 in China. For April and May, team meetings
were online because of school closure and in-person activities were allowed
after deblocking. Covid-19 tests were performed regularly and all team members
got vaccinated.

When wet labs began, team members' attendance was recorded. The usage of lab
equipment was registered. All working surfaces were cleaned with disinfectant
fluid before and after conducting wet labs.
