
<div class="h1-bg">
    <h1 class>Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)</h1>
    <img src="https://static.igem.wiki/teams/4161/wiki/fig-sus.png" />
</div>

## Introduction

Scientific research has always had far-reaching significance in our study and
daily routine, and even in the development of the whole society. Scientific
research can comprehend us a better understanding of the nature and properties
of matter. Analyzing the research objects elaboratively can accelerate the
development of human knowledge accumulation.

Our project follows a shared blueprint for peace and prosperity for people and
the planet whose heart is the 17 sustainable development goals (UN, 2022). We
respond to the urgent call for action by all countries that end poverty and
other deprivations, improve health and education, reduce inequality, and spur
economic growth (UN, 2022).

This year, our team aims to provide a biological method for battling
antibiotic-resistant pathogens by **displaying nanobodies on the surface of the
probiotics**. Our method can not only reduce antibiotic resistance but minimize
side effects including the degradation of GI tract microbiome diversity while
having stronger pathogen inhibition compared to traditional probiotic treatment
(Langdon et al., 2016).

#### Project "GutGuard" is mainly based on Goals 3, 9, 17

## Goal 3| Good health and well-being

_**Ensure healthy lives and promoting well-being for all persons with
disabilities**_

We prospect our team's project can make our local community and even the
world conscious of the prominence of life and health, especially the gut
problem. The gut problem may cause a person to struggle to absorb nutrients and
regulate blood sugar. Additionally, weight loss or gain may be caused by
bacteria overgrowth or lack of nutrients.

The current therapeutics is antibiotics and the potential problem with the
usage of antibiotics is that taking antibiotics too often or for the wrong
reasons can change bacteria so much that antibiotics do not work against them
(Cronan, 2019). Moreover, long-term use of antibiotics in late adulthood may be
a risk factor for all-cause and cardiovascular mortality (Heianza, 2020).

As the current therapies of antibiotics promote *Shigella* to develop antibiotic
resistance, we are inspired by this problem and focus on *Shigella*'s drug.
Reducing antibiotic resistance and minimizing the side effects including the
degradation of GI tract microbiome diversity can be achieved compared to the
traditional probiotic treatment (Langdon et al., 2016). We mainly worked toward
contributing to **target 3.5** (Strength the prevention and treatment of
substance abuse, including narcotic drug abuse and harmful use of alcohol) (UN,
2022).

## Goal 9| Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure

_**Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable
industrialization and foster innovation**_

We are capable to lead a new approach and ideologically telling certain product
developers to dare to innovate and not to stick to antibiotics to create drugs.
To contribute to the goal, we aimed at **target 9.5** (Enhance scientific
research, upgrade the technological capabilities of industrial sectors in all
countries, in particular developing countries, including, by 2030, encouraging
innovation and substantially increasing the number of research and development
workers per 1 million people and public and private research and development
spending) (UN, 2022).

We proposed a novel scientific solution to an existing global problem. We
mainly focused on a novel method for battling antibiotic-resistant pathogens by
**displaying nanobodies on the surface of the probiotics**. While meeting the
goal, our laboratory team did various ways (using three different cells for
trial: E. coli, Yeast and *Lactococcus lactis*) to achieve and increase the
possibility of success. Additionally, our team collaborates with other iGEM
teams from developing countries to contribute to scientific advancement there.

## Goal 17| Partnerships for the goals

_**Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership
for sustainable development**_

We, as a team, share and hold the view of win-win cooperation. We know that
iGEM is not just a competition, but a platform for mutual communication and
cooperation. We welcome various teams coming from different backgrounds and
help to create solutions to the question. Our team strictly followed **target
17.16** (Enhance the global partnership for sustainable development,
complemented by multi-stakeholder partnerships that mobilize and share
knowledge, expertise, technology, and financial resources, to support the
achievement of the sustainable development goals in all countries, in
particular developing countries.) (UN, 2022).

Our team played an active part in collaborating with other iGEM teams (LZU and
XJLTU) to gain insights into local society and comprehend more knowledge. This
kind of collaboration enriched us and ensured the sharing of knowledge and
raising of awareness on both sides.

## Conclusion

To sum up, we address and fulfill sustainable development **goals 3, 9, and
17**. While meeting the goal of displaying nanobodies on the surface of the
probiotics to battle antibiotic-resistant pathogens, we can also contribute to
improved healthcare globally in the sustainable development aspect. It can not
only reduce antibiotic resistance but minimize side effects including the
degradation of GI tract microbiome diversity. The inhibition of the pathogen
will be stronger compared to traditional probiotic treatment.  Our methods are
easy to use and can be improved for further applications.

## References

United Nations. (2022). The 17 goals | sustainable development. United Nations.
<https://sdgs.un.org/goals>

United Nations. (2022). #ENVISION2030: 17 goals to transform the world for
persons with disabilities enable. United Nations.
<https://www.un.org/development/desa/disabilities/envision2030.html>

Langdon, A., Crook, N., & Dantas, G. (2016, April 13). The effects of
antibiotics on the microbiome throughout development and alternative approaches
for therapeutic modulation. Genome medicine.
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4831151/>

Cronan, K. M. (Ed.). (2019, July). The danger of antibiotic overuse (for
parents) - nemours kidshealth. KidsHealth. Retrieved September 28, 2022, from
<https://kidshealth.org/en/parents/antibiotic-overuse.html>

Heianza, Y., Ma, W., Li, X., Cao, Y., Chan, A. T., Rimm, E. B., Hu, F. B.,
Rexrode, K. M., Manson, J. A. E., & Qi, L. (2020). Duration and life-stage of
antibiotic use and risks of all-cause and cause-specific mortality. Circulation
Research, 126(3), 364â€“373. <https://doi.org/10.1161/circresaha.119.315279>
